hi all of us good on gamesactu
welcome halo 3 2015 we stopped
this time on a stand a little bit
away from the living room which is not really
inside the show floor we're on
our 505 games booths at which presents
here then adrift to dream what is
it's the next game developed
by adam horse you know him
certainly
it is the parent who the famous
the famous scandal of xbox one is
released at the time it was a 2013
you know the famous deal with it if you
have a bad connection at home and
bah listen change of country they change
region
so that was him who had a
little bit generated all the buzz buzz that has
then suffered for the xbox 720 at the time
it was still called code
so mister d'amos left home
microsoft he was thanked right after
and so at bruce and one day did not learn
who was commanding the development at
start in 2014 and whose output is
scheduled for September 1, 2015 so
see a period of development time
fast enough fast and so the
particularity of the sad is of
to propose an experience with
virtual reality there we did not play
Noah
with looking swift so that was the dk
2 so version 2 of the virtual headset
oculus so it's not necessarily the
last prototype the last model so
it's a lot less
less convincing in terms of
sensations what did you think
to you their liquid comes here now
project that made me breast and hello
thomas screw maxime would be that at the level
sensations they are less than
the headphones sony I did not feel
this feeling of dizziness then makes
that we were in space with them that
this phenomenon of heaviness
I really thought I had I was going
to have helped the locker who had been in
go out for the playroom
it was not one if we had a
joystick in the hands too so we
could interact with the objects we
could cross en route and the purpose of
game precisely it was not to
eat too much shock
wayne simmonds your helmet was breaking
then you ran out of oxygen and that's it
obviously still currently
exactly so in fact the story
Adonis is a little bit a little bit
that of gravity genre of the movie that sounds
a lot I think they were inspired
also of the film here it is someone who
is all alone dive into
the space of a station left to
abandonment does not know what's going on
we talked to someone from 505 games who
made us it was a game not
violent so it would rather be a rather
a rather Zen atmosphere rather bull with
and contemplative exactly contemplative
you spoke on this side not dizziness me I
the weirdly jacques him it's
how to say I look very good to you
virtual reality I know there are some
people a lot of nausea but for the
blow I was really nauseated I
really feel like I'm not sure
if it was the fact of being in space
boost the locus headphones so the dk 2
which was not really very good
calibrated
in any case I felt that name sounds
nauseating and I wanted to vomit
things that never really happen
with virtual reality
otherwise if not for the comfort of the
headphones I find that with elastics
who makes this circle head is not it
very comfortable yeah that pulls a little
your impressions in a compression on
the skull permanently so I hope
that they will
rectified shooting anyway this is the
version of bones so this version which is
released some time ago
hot it's been a year already
there we are we are we are really with
the latest versions we discovered
others have to do with the last
world of chips but it's true that good
to for once was not one is not
also bluffed calm in fact all with
with the kitchen experience for example
but in my opinion good here is the game out the
September 1st on pc ps 4 xbox one in
digital version united word for our
sleeves and 505 games
we can play without the reality
virtual but so I think that
the ultimate experience is with the headphones
it will be necessary to wait for the release of morpheus
and xbox one that will be compatible with
the oculus so all this will get in
square
will have to follow
basin game adrift 1st september in 2015
to this was our first impressions
live here from los angeles very quickly
on gamesactu ciao